updating links from fwlink to real link if exists (#16835)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/windows-workflow-foundation/samples/activity-library.md

 Demonstrates how the `ThrottleParallelForEach` activity is similar to the <xref:System.Activities.Statements.ParallelForEach%601> activity with the one exception that it allows setting a concurrency factor to restrict the number of simultaneous branches to execute.
  
 [Database Access Activities](database-access-activities.md)  

>  Demonstrates how to create activities that allow accessing databases to retrieve or modify information and use [ADO.NET](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/dotnet/netframework-4.0/e80y5yhx(v=vs.100)) to access the database.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Demonstrates how to create activities that allow accessing databases to retrieve or modify information and use [ADO.NET](../../data/adonet/index.md) to access the database.  
```
